docs/index.md, before:

## COMP 290 Course Information
- Fall Semester 2023
  - Section 01
  - Fri 1:30-2:45, Tome 231
- [Syllabus & Course Information](./syllabus.pdf)

- Prof. Goble's Information
    * Email: goblew@dickinson.edu
    * GitHub username: __wpgoble__
    * Office: Tome 245
    * Office Hours:
        * Wed: 1:00pm - 2:30pm
        * Tues/Thurs: 10:00am - 11:30am
        * If these times do not work for you, email me to set up a meeting

- [Course Moodle](https://lms.dickinson.edu/course/view.php?id=54015)
- [Microsoft Team](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3aM7zZbGPGM4sUsGIgw6sw7Oa_nTWGwRDOgIknpRTjMEA1%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=26ffb994-ea60-4826-a2a9-79aaea44c440&tenantId=6232b055-76b9-4c13-9b88-b562ae7db6fb)
- [FarmData2 Zulip Chat](https://farmdata2.zulipchat.com/)

- [FD2School-FarmData2 Fork](https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2)
<!--- [FarmData2 GitHub Repository](https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FarmData2)-->

## COMP 290 Outline

Date            | Class Information                                                           | Assignment                 | Reading
----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|------------
                | **FarmData2 and Web Development**                                           |                            |
Fri 09/01/23      | C01 - Developer Installation                             [ [Slides][s01] ]  | [HW01][goble_hw1] (Due: 09/08)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Introduction][r01]
Fri 09/08/23      | C02 - HTML                                               [ [Slides][s02] ]  | [HW02][goble_hw2] (Due: 09/15)  | [Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software][r02]
Fri 09/15/23      | C03 - Vue Data Binding                                   [ [Slides][s03] ]  | [HW03][goble_hw3] (Due: 09/22)  | No assigned reading. 
Fri 09/22/23      | C04 - Farm Visit<br>Vue Events and Javascript Functions<br>[ [Slides][s04]  | [HW04][goble_hw4] (Due: 09/29)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Communications][r04]<br>Stop before "Avoiding Common Pitfalls" on pg. 123.
Fri 09/29/23      | C05 - Web APIs                                           [ [Slides][s05] ]  | [HW05][goble_hw5] (Due: 10/06)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Communications][r04]<br>Start at "Avoiding Common Pitfalls"<br>Stop before "Handling Growth" on pg. 131.
Fri 10/06/23      | C06 - FarmData2 API Functions                            [ [Slides][s06] ]  | [HW06][goble_hw6] (Due: 10/13)  | [A Coming-Out Party for Generative A.I.][r06]
Fri 10/13/23      | C07 - End-To-End Testing with Cypress                    [ [Slides][s07] ]  | [HW07][goble_hw7] (Due: 10/20)  | [Meet GPT-3: It Has Learned to Code (and Blog and Argue)][r07]
Fri 10/20/23      | C08 - FarmData2 Components                               [ [Slides][s08] ]  | [HW08][goble_hw8] (Due: 10/27)  | [How to Ask Good Technical Questions][r08]
                | **Team Based Project Work**                                                 |                            |
Fri 10/27/23      | C09 - Project Work                                       [ [Slides][s09] ]  | [Project Work][proj]       | [You can have the Blue Pill or the Red Pill, and We're Out of Blue Pills][r09]
Fri 11/03/23      | C10 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Lawsuit Takes Aim at the Way A.I. Is built][r10]
Fri 11/10/23      | C11 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Creating Just Language Technologies][r11]
Fri 11/17/23      | C12 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [I'm a Congressman Who Codes. A.I. Freaks Me Out.][r12]
Fri 11/24/23      | Thanksgiving - No Class                                                     |                            | 
Fri 12/01/23      | C13 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Meta's Ad Practices Ruled Illegal Under E.U. Law][r13]
Fri 12/08/23      | C14 - Project Work                                                          |                            | 
&nbsp;          |                                                                             |                            |
Fri 12/15/23    | **2:00pm Final Exam Slot**<br> Team Presentations.                          |                            |

[s01]: materials/01-S-Install.pptx
[hw01]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/2
[r01]: https://lms.dickinson.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=1163831
[goble_hw1]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/2

[s02]: materials/02-S-HTML.pptx
[hw02]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/4
[r02]: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.en.html
[goble_hw2]:https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/3

[s03]: materials/03-S-VueDataBinding.pptx
[hw03]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/10
[goble_hw3]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/4

[s04]: materials/04-S-VueEventsAndJS.pptx
[v04]: https://dickinson.zoom.us/rec/play/b7crkDJGu2zZDj8dpM4777gTVy28nR3ipOSe_xUs6Y3p3w_gdf5B9xMJdnaIIbwPiiLfixQBRCCILuuK.mQQe_yfHVhaERKyg?continueMode=true
[hw04]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/36
[r04]: readings/ProducingOSS.pdf
[goble_hw4]:https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/5

[s05]: materials/05-S-APIs.pptx
[hw05]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/44
[goble_hw5]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/6

[s06]: materials/06-S-FarmOS-API.pptx
[hw06]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/85
[r06]: readings/Coming-Out.pdf
[goble_hw6]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/7

[s07]: materials/07-S-Cypress.pptx
[hw07]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/103
[r07]: readings/MeetGPT-3.pdf
[goble_hw7]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/8

[s08]: materials/08-S-FD2Components.pptx
[hw08]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/131
[r08]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-ask-good-technical-questions/ 
[goble_hw8]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/9

[s09]: materials/09-S-ProjectWork.pptx
[proj]: materials/09-A-ProjectWork.docx
[r09]:readings/BluePullorRedPill.pdf

[r10]: readings/LawsuitChatbot.pdf
[r11]: https://www.thegoodrobot.co.uk/post/su-lin-blodgett-on-creating-just-language-technologies
[r12]: readings/CongressmanAIFreaksMeOut.pdf

[r13]:readings/MetaAdPracticesIllegalEU.pdf

[404]: 404.md
<!--
[r14]: https://lms.dickinson.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=1177939
[We Pay an Ugly Cost for Ads on Twitter][r14]
-->

---
Last Updated: Aug 2023

![Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License") All textual materials used in this course are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

![GPL V3 or Later](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-or-later-sm.png "GPL V3 or later") All executable code used in this course is licensed under the [GNU General Public License Version 3 or later](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt)

Commit message:

updates website to contain stand-up meeting questions
Co-authored-by: Prof. Goble will.goble@gmail.com

docs/index.md, after:

## COMP 290 Course Information
- Fall Semester 2023
  - Section 01
  - Fri 1:30-2:45, Tome 231
- [Syllabus & Course Information](./syllabus.pdf)

- Prof. Goble's Information
    * Email: goblew@dickinson.edu
    * GitHub username: __wpgoble__
    * Office: Tome 245
    * Office Hours:
        * Wed: 1:00pm - 2:30pm
        * Tues/Thurs: 10:00am - 11:30am
        * If these times do not work for you, email me to set up a meeting

- [Course Moodle](https://lms.dickinson.edu/course/view.php?id=54015)
- [Microsoft Team](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/team/19%3aM7zZbGPGM4sUsGIgw6sw7Oa_nTWGwRDOgIknpRTjMEA1%40thread.tacv2/conversations?groupId=26ffb994-ea60-4826-a2a9-79aaea44c440&tenantId=6232b055-76b9-4c13-9b88-b562ae7db6fb)
- [FarmData2 Zulip Chat](https://farmdata2.zulipchat.com/)

- [FD2School-FarmData2 Fork](https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2)
<!--- [FarmData2 GitHub Repository](https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FarmData2)-->

## Standup meeting questions
1. What did we work on last week?
2. What will we work on this week?
3. What challenges/roadblocks did we hit last week?

## COMP 290 Outline

Date            | Class Information                                                           | Assignment                 | Reading
----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|------------
                | **FarmData2 and Web Development**                                           |                            |
Fri 09/01/23      | C01 - Developer Installation                             [ [Slides][s01] ]  | [HW01][goble_hw1] (Due: 09/08)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Introduction][r01]
Fri 09/08/23      | C02 - HTML                                               [ [Slides][s02] ]  | [HW02][goble_hw2] (Due: 09/15)  | [Why Open Source Misses the Point of Free Software][r02]
Fri 09/15/23      | C03 - Vue Data Binding                                   [ [Slides][s03] ]  | [HW03][goble_hw3] (Due: 09/22)  | No assigned reading. 
Fri 09/22/23      | C04 - Farm Visit<br>Vue Events and Javascript Functions<br>[ [Slides][s04]  | [HW04][goble_hw4] (Due: 09/29)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Communications][r04]<br>Stop before "Avoiding Common Pitfalls" on pg. 123.
Fri 09/29/23      | C05 - Web APIs                                           [ [Slides][s05] ]  | [HW05][goble_hw5] (Due: 10/06)  | [Producing Open Source Software: Communications][r04]<br>Start at "Avoiding Common Pitfalls"<br>Stop before "Handling Growth" on pg. 131.
Fri 10/06/23      | C06 - FarmData2 API Functions                            [ [Slides][s06] ]  | [HW06][goble_hw6] (Due: 10/13)  | [A Coming-Out Party for Generative A.I.][r06]
Fri 10/13/23      | C07 - End-To-End Testing with Cypress                    [ [Slides][s07] ]  | [HW07][goble_hw7] (Due: 10/20)  | [Meet GPT-3: It Has Learned to Code (and Blog and Argue)][r07]
Fri 10/20/23      | C08 - FarmData2 Components                               [ [Slides][s08] ]  | [HW08][goble_hw8] (Due: 10/27)  | [How to Ask Good Technical Questions][r08]
                | **Team Based Project Work**                                                 |                            |
Fri 10/27/23      | C09 - Project Work                                       [ [Slides][s09] ]  | [Project Work][proj]       | [You can have the Blue Pill or the Red Pill, and We're Out of Blue Pills][r09]
Fri 11/03/23      | C10 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Lawsuit Takes Aim at the Way A.I. Is built][r10]
Fri 11/10/23      | C11 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Creating Just Language Technologies][r11]
Fri 11/17/23      | C12 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [I'm a Congressman Who Codes. A.I. Freaks Me Out.][r12]
Fri 11/24/23      | Thanksgiving - No Class                                                     |                            | 
Fri 12/01/23      | C13 - Project Work                                                          |                            | [Meta's Ad Practices Ruled Illegal Under E.U. Law][r13]
Fri 12/08/23      | C14 - Project Work                                                          |                            | 
&nbsp;          |                                                                             |                            |
Fri 12/15/23    | **2:00pm Final Exam Slot**<br> Team Presentations.                          |                            |

[s01]: materials/01-S-Install.pptx
[hw01]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/2
[r01]: https://lms.dickinson.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=1163831
[goble_hw1]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/2

[s02]: materials/02-S-HTML.pptx
[hw02]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/4
[r02]: https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.en.html
[goble_hw2]:https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/3

[s03]: materials/03-S-VueDataBinding.pptx
[hw03]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/10
[goble_hw3]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/4

[s04]: materials/04-S-VueEventsAndJS.pptx
[v04]: https://dickinson.zoom.us/rec/play/b7crkDJGu2zZDj8dpM4777gTVy28nR3ipOSe_xUs6Y3p3w_gdf5B9xMJdnaIIbwPiiLfixQBRCCILuuK.mQQe_yfHVhaERKyg?continueMode=true
[hw04]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/36
[r04]: readings/ProducingOSS.pdf
[goble_hw4]:https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/5

[s05]: materials/05-S-APIs.pptx
[hw05]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/44
[goble_hw5]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/6

[s06]: materials/06-S-FarmOS-API.pptx
[hw06]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/85
[r06]: readings/Coming-Out.pdf
[goble_hw6]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/7

[s07]: materials/07-S-Cypress.pptx
[hw07]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/103
[r07]: readings/MeetGPT-3.pdf
[goble_hw7]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/8

[s08]: materials/08-S-FD2Components.pptx
[hw08]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/131
[r08]: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-ask-good-technical-questions/ 
[goble_hw8]: https://github.com/DickinsonCollege/FD2School-FarmData2/issues/9

[s09]: materials/09-S-ProjectWork.pptx
[proj]: materials/09-A-ProjectWork.docx
[r09]:readings/BluePullorRedPill.pdf

[r10]: readings/LawsuitChatbot.pdf
[r11]: https://www.thegoodrobot.co.uk/post/su-lin-blodgett-on-creating-just-language-technologies
[r12]: readings/CongressmanAIFreaksMeOut.pdf

[r13]:readings/MetaAdPracticesIllegalEU.pdf

[404]: 404.md
<!--
[r14]: https://lms.dickinson.edu/mod/resource/view.php?id=1177939
[We Pay an Ugly Cost for Ads on Twitter][r14]
-->

---
Last Updated: Aug 2023

![Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png "Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License") All textual materials used in this course are licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

![GPL V3 or Later](https://www.gnu.org/graphics/gplv3-or-later-sm.png "GPL V3 or later") All executable code used in this course is licensed under the [GNU General Public License Version 3 or later](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt)
